Whatever the mind can think and perceive, it can achieve.;Napolean Hill
“It doesn’t matter how slowly you go, as long as you don’t stop.”;Confucious
“The past cannot be changed, the future is yet in your power,”
“What you do today can improve all of your tomorrows.”;Ralph Marston
“Wake up determined go to bed satisfied.”;Dwayne Johnson
“Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities. Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers, you cannot be successful or happy.” Norman Vincent Peale
“If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.”;Napolean Hill
“Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented that you know and capable of more than you can imagine.”;Roy. T. Bennet
“Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.”
“You begin by always expecting good things to happen.”;Tom Hopkins
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.”;Nelson Mandela
“Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you are done.”
“Don’t limit your challenges, challenge your limits.”
“The most common way for people to give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.”;Alice Walker
“The trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, you risk more.”;Erica Jong
“Only I can change my life, no one can do it for me,”;Carol Burnett
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.”;Rob Siltanen
“One’s finds limits by pushing them.”;Herbert Simon
“Don’t watch the clock. Do what it does and keep going.”;Sam Levenson”Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements and impossibilities: It is this that in all things, distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.”;Thomas Carlyle
“Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.”;Charles R. Swindol
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”
“I’ve never chased money. It’s always been about what I can do to motivate and inspire.”;Tyler Perry
“Success isn’t overnight. It’s when everyday you get a little better than the day before. It all adds up.”;Dwayne Johnson
“I am not a product of my circumstances, I am a product of my decisions.”;Steven Covey
“It’s not about perfect, it’s about effort every single day. That’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs.”;Jilian Michaels
“Don’t carry your mistakes around with you. Instead place them under your feet and use them as stepping stones to rise above them.”
“I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.”;Estee Lauder
“I believe you can speak things into existence.”;Jay Z
“Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center or gravity. Don’t fight them. Just find a new way to stand.”;Oprah Winfrey
“To be successful, you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like.”;Mike Gafka
“Power to me is the ability to make change in a positive way/”;Victoria Justice
“Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune.”;Jim Rohn
“Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.”;Helen Keller
“Work hard in silence, let success be your noise.”;Frank Ocean
“Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.” Michelle Obama
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow, learn as if you were to live forever.”;Mahatma Gandi
“Life is hard, but so very beautiful.”;Abraham Lincoln
“The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.”;Michealangelo
“I am not judged by the number of times I fail, but by the number of times I succeed.”;Tom Hopkins
“Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart.”;Denzel Washington
“Power is not given to you, you have to take it.”;Beyonce
“Be humble, be hungry, and always be the hardest worker in the room.”;Dwayne Johnson
“With a new day comes strength and new thoughts.”;Eleanor Roosevelt
“Leaders set high standards. Refuse to tolerate mediocrity or poor performance.”;Brian Tracy
“If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.”
“There is no passion to be found playing small in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.”;Nelson Madela
“Dream big and dream fierce.”;Viola Davis
“Every failure is a lesson. If you are not willing to fail, you are not ready to succeed.”
“We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.”;Maya Angelou
“Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great.”;John D. Rockefeller
“Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid. Courage means you don’t let fear stop you.”
“We are all a little broken, but last time I checked, broken crayons still color the same.”
“If you want to be successful, prepare to be doubted and tested.”
“Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.”;Johnathan Swift
“We can do no great things, only small things with great love.”;Mother Theresa
“Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.”;John Wooden
“Just because my path is different doesn’t mean I’m lost.”
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.”; Anais Nin
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.”
“I am not afraid of storms because I am learning how to sail my ship.”;Louisa May Alocott
“Leadership is the ability to get extraordinary achievement from ordinary people.”;Brian Tracy
“Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness. Bad days give you experience.”
“To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream. Not only plan but also believe.”;Anatole France“All journeys have secret destinations of which the travelers is unaware.”;Marin Buber
“Love your enemies because they tell you all your faults.”;Benjamin Franklin
“If’I had 6 hours to chop down a tree, I would spend the first 4 hours sharpening the axe.”;Abraham Lincoln
“Leap and the net will appear.”;John Burroughs
“You words can be powerful, they can hurt or uplift you, so think before you speak as every word counts.”
“Dream is not the thing you see in sleep, but it is that thing that doesn’t let you sleep.”;Dr. Abdul Kalam
“It’s not the load that keeps you down, it’s how you carry it.”;Lou Holtz
“Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.”;Unknown
“When your work speaks for itself, don’t interrupt.”;Henry J. Kaiser
“Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by it’s ability to climb a tree, it will live it’s whole life thinking it’s stupid.”;Albert Einstein
“Do you want to meet the love of your life? Look in the mirror”;Byron Katie
“Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender, it’s holy ground. There is no greater investment.”;Stephen Covey
“If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.”;Oprah Winfrey
“Before you act, listen. Before you react, think. Before you spend, earn. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit try.”;Earnest Hemingway
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not the one who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.”;Nelson Mandela
“Knowing is not enough we must apply. Wishing is not enough, we must do.”;Johann Wolfgang
“Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Til your good is better and your better is best.”;St. Jerome
“You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success if found in your daily routine.”
“Remember, no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”;Eleanor Rosevelt
“Staying positive doesn’t mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out.”
“Someday everything will make perfect sense. So for now laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason.”
“What comes easy won’t last and what lasts won’t come easy.”
“Old ways won’t open new doors.”
“Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.”;Robert Kiyosaki
“Integrity is the most valuable and respected quality of leadership. Always keep your word,”;Brian Tracy
“The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.”;H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“Be brave, take tisks. Nothing can substitue experience.”;Paulo Coelho
“You only fail when you stop trying.”
“A river cuts through rock, not because of it’s power but because of it’s persistence.” ;Jim Watkins
“With drive and a little talent, you can move mountains.”;Dwayne Johnson
“That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.”;Abraham Lincoln
“We are all broken, that’s how light gets in.” Ernest Hemingway
“There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind.”;C.S. Lewis
“Creativity is intelligence having fun.”;Albert Einstein
“Vibrate so high that toxic people in your life fall back, because they no longer know how to approach you.”
‘The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.”
“The best way to predict the future is to created it.”;Peter Drucker
“You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.”;Charles Burton
“What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t happened yet.”
“If you believe in yourself, anything is possible.”
“Life is not measured by the number of breathes we take, but by the moments that take our breathe away.”;Maya Angelou
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.;Mark Twain
“I don’t care what you think about me, I don’t think about you at all.”;Coco Chanel
“Ordinary can’t possibly be extraordinary without taking risk. You have to learn to be uncomfortable with being comfortable to truly reach your highest potential.”;Necole Bitchie
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.”;Margaret Thatcher
“Courage is like a muscle, we strengthen it by use.”;Ruth Gordo
“Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.”;Vince Lombardi
“I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.”
“You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.”;Shonda Rhimes
“You don’t want to look back now and know you could have done better.”
“Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.”;Theodore Roosevelt
“The best view comes after the hardest climb.”
“Either you run the day, or the day runs you.”;Jim Rohn
“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.”;Ingrid Bergman
“Don’t wait on perfect conditions, just go ahead and do something.”;Dan Miller
Obstacles don’t have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it. Go through it or work around it.”;Micheal Jordan
“Leadership reputations are mad or lost in times of crisis.”;Ken Chenault
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.”;Helen Keller
“There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve, the fear of failure.”;Paulo Coelhon”Tough times never last, but tough people do.”;Robert H. Schuller
“i’m stronger because I had to be. I’m Smarter because of my mistakes. I am happier because of the sadness I know and now wiser because I learned.”
“Dream big and dare to fail.”
“Remember that guy who gave up? Yeah neither does anyone else.”
“When you talk you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.”;Dalai Lamaover
“Do not wait to strike til the iron is hot, but make it hot by sticking.”;William Butler
“A bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking, because her trust is no on the branch but on it’s own wings. Always believe in yourself.”
“Step by step and the thing is done.”;Charles Atlas
“Action is the foundational key to all success.”;Pablo Picasso
“Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. SO thank the past for a better future.” –
“I never lose, either I win or I learn.”
“Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.”;Victor Hugo
“Stop waiting for good things to happen, go out and make them happen”
“Life is too short to wake up with regrets, so love the people who treat you right, forget about those who don’t believe. Everything happens for a reason, if you get a chance, take it. If it changes your life, let it. Nobody said life would be easy they just promised most likely be worth it.”‘The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day sets on.”;Charles Dickens
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.”;Maya Angelou
“Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it and believe that you can succeed.”;Bethany Hamilton
“We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.”;Dr. Henry Link
“What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 100% all the time.”;Don Zimmer
“The successful warrior is the average man with laser-like focus.”;Bruce Lee
“Life goes on. Whether you choose to move on and take a change in the unknown. Or stay behind, locked in the past thinking of could’ve been.”;Maria Robinson
“To win in the market place, you must first win in the workplace.”;Doug Conant
“To handle yourself, use your head. To handle others, use your heart.”;Eleanor Roosevelt
“People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy.” Tony Robbins
“The darker the night, the brighter the stars. The deeper the grief the closer is God.”;Fydor Dostoyevesky
“Follow your dreams, or you’ll spend the rest of the time working for someone who did.”
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.”;Helen Keller
“In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are.”;Max De Pree
“Change is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.”;Ovid
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust me sails to always reach my destination.”;Jimmy Dean“Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health.”;Dalai Lama
“Appreciate where you are in your journey. Even if it’s not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose.”
“To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst”
“Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations”
“Becoming is better than being.”;Herman Melville
“If you spend too much time thinking about one thing, you’ll never get it done.”
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for extraordinary destiny.;C.S. Lewis
“Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It’s comes from the things you once thought you couldn’t do.” Rikki Rogers
“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll all into some else’s plan, and guess what they have planned for you? Not much.”;Jim Rohn
“Everyday might not be good, but there is good in everyday.”
“Wealth isn’t about having a lot of money it is about having a lot of options.””If you are working on something exciting that you really care about you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.”;Steve Jobs
“A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things taht are worthwhile. It can be done.”;Vince Lombardi
“You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educated and fulfill your own dreams and destiny.”;Viola Daivs
